<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"
	xml:lang="es-US" lang="es-US">
	<head>
		<title>Leading Breakthrough Innovation in Established Companies</title>
		<meta charset="utf-8" />
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet.css" />
		<style type="text/css" xml:space="preserve">
			.drm-short{
			    color:grey;
			    margin-top:-30px;
			    margin-bottom:30px;
			    text-align:center;
			    font-family:"Helvetica", sans-serif;
			    font-size:0.7em;
			    text-indent:0;
			}</style>
	</head>
	<body>
		<section epub:type="chapter">
			<div class="page">
				<h1 id="ch1" class="chaptitle"><span class="span3">1</span>
					<span class="span4">INTRODUCTION</span></h1>
				<blockquote id="p1_1">It&#x2019;s no secret: Innovation is difficult for established
					companies. By and large, they are better executors than innovators, and most
					succeed less through game-changing creativity than by optimizing their existing
					businesses. <p class="attribution"><i>&#x2014;McKinsey Innovation Survey, April
							2015</i></p>
				</blockquote>
				<p class="noindent" id="p1_2">Now more than ever, large, established businesses in
					all industries need to know how to lead <a class="keyterm-inline"
						epub:type="noteref" href="ch05.xhtml#kt5">innovation</a>&#x2014;not just
					incremental improvements to their existing offerings and operations but also
					breakthrough innovations&#x2014;that generates growth and transforms or even
					creates new industries. Breakthrough innovations from new entrants can be
					particularly challenging for established firms. These can take many forms,
					including radical new business models (such as Airbnb&#x2019;s online
					reservation platform) or new technologies (such as self-driving cars and machine
					learning). At times, innovative established companies, like Google, lead
					breakthrough innovation by leveraging their current strategic position, in-house
					talent and capabilities, and partnerships. More often, however, breakthroughs
					require established companies to reinvent themselves&#x2014;by building new
					capabilities, launching new ventures, and forging new relationships with other
					organizations that previously may have seemed out of bounds. Breaking away from
					an organization&#x2019;s traditions and norms can be difficult, but it&#x2019;s
					possible. And it&#x2019;s essential if incumbents hope to survive and thrive in
					today&#x2019;s fast-changing business environment.</p>
				<p class="indent" id="p1_3">In the past, established firms that depended on
					innovation breakthroughs&#x2014;for example, technology firms like IBM and
					Xerox&#x2014;built large research and development (R&#x0026;D) labs and other
					innovation-focused units separate from their core businesses. Others left the
					effort up to independent startups and simply acquired new products,
					technologies, or entire businesses once the new ventures&#x2019; business models
					had proven themselves in the marketplace. But today technology, customers, and
					markets are changing fast. As a result, established businesses can no longer
					afford the lengthy process of commercializing an innovation that was incubated
					in R&#x0026;D labs far from the market. Nor can they rely on acquiring
					innovations and trying to integrate them into their market-facing organization.
					That approach can slow development of the follow-on innovations required to
					ensure that radical new offerings ultimately transform an industry.</p>
				<p class="indent" id="p1_4">Indeed, the poor record of value creation through <a
						class="keyterm-inline" epub:type="noteref" href="ch05.xhtml#kt7">mergers and
						acquisitions (M&#x0026;A)</a> strongly suggests that an acquisition strategy
					is not enough to fuel breakthrough innovation. Though M&#x0026;A activity surged
					during the late 1990s and early twenty-first century, more than 80% of deals
					executed during that period failed to deliver their promised advantages.<a
						href="ch07.xhtml#fnt1" id="chn1" epub:type="noteref"><sup>1</sup></a>
					Executives in firms that destroyed shareholder value were forced to confront a
					harsh truth: It&#x2019;s unrealistic to expect people who are trained and
					rewarded for managing mature products to &#x201C;turn on a dime&#x201D; and
					successfully introduce, market, and sell transformative new offerings or launch
					novel business models while still being held accountable for keeping an existing
					business running.</p>
				<p class="indent" id="p1_5">Whether breakthrough innovations come from inside or
					outside a large, established company, our research suggests that such companies
					need a unique type of leader. These leaders continually scan the environment to
					identify what&#x2019;s changing&#x2014;long before the changes can disrupt their
					business. They apply business-model thinking to explore new opportunities being
					incubated inside or outside their organization. Then, as radical innovations
					gain traction with early adopters, these leaders determine the best approach to
					transition the innovations to high growth so new value can be created for all
					stakeholders. For example, while some promising new ventures should be
					integrated into existing operations and organizational structures, others should
					remain as separate businesses. But no matter which approach leaders decide to
					take, they continue with their innovation effort. They keep expanding into new
					markets and launching new product lines, service offerings, and solutions, all
					while making the incremental changes needed to continually improve their
					strategic position and optimize cash flow after innovations become profitable.
					As we will see in this reading, strategic positioning, operating capabilities,
					and cash flow become the platform for launching new breakthroughs in the
					future.</p>
				<p class="indent" id="p1_6">None of this is easy, and IBM&#x2019;s effort to
					dominate the PC market in the 1980s and early 1990s is a case in point. Many IBM
					employees at the time recall how IBM &#x201C;fumbled the future&#x201D; when it
					launched the IBM PC. The product had been incubated by a <a
						class="keyterm-inline" epub:type="noteref" href="ch05.xhtml#kt8"
						>skunk-works</a> team separated from IBM&#x2019;s research labs and its
					established product design and sales organization. With its on-time launch in
					1981, the IBM PC became the most successful technology introduction of its era.
					Its sales of nearly 242,000 units in the first month alone exceeded the
					company&#x2019;s five-year forecast for the new product.<a href="ch07.xhtml#fnt2" id="chn2" epub:type="noteref"><sup>2</sup></a> But
					this success did little to change the established organization&#x2019;s view
					that the PC was a &#x201C;stepchild&#x201D; of the supposedly real money-making
					machine: the mainframe. Indeed, rather than push low-margin PCs through
					IBM&#x2019;s traditional field sales force, IBM marketed and sold them through
					third-party retailers, distributors, and value-added resellers. This approach
					further isolated the organization from direct feedback from customers. After the
					initial surge in customer demand, the isolation dramatically slowed the
					company&#x2019;s shift to high growth, allowing PC clones to catch up to and
					then rapidly overtake sales of the IBM PC. &#x201C;Just about every vendor [did]
					a better job of marketing PCs than IBM [did],&#x201D; said the CEO of one IBM
					customer. &#x201C;No one ever looked at the IBM PC as being inferior, but IBM
					[did] nothing to sell it. Meanwhile, in the early &#x2019;90s, Compaq stole
					IBM&#x2019;s PC market with the right price and the right message. . . . IBM
					[was] a sleeping giant losing its golden egg.&#x201D;
							<a href="ch07.xhtml#fnt3" id="chn3" epub:type="noteref"><sup>3</sup></a></p>
				<p class="indent" id="p1_7">In addition, turf battles between autonomous divisions
					at IBM often absorbed more energy than marketplace battles. According to Fran
					O&#x2019;Sullivan, general manager of IBM&#x2019;s Personal Computing Division:
					&#x201C;At first, the PC group wanted nothing to do with the rest of IBM. We
					were the mavericks. We saw them as outdated and irrelevant. Then, as our
					business matured, we got into trouble. We couldn&#x2019;t leverage the sales and
					global services strengths of the company. We came hat in hand for help, but they
					viewed us as if our ten minutes of fame were up.&#x201D;
							<a href="ch07.xhtml#fnt4" id="chn4" epub:type="noteref"><sup>4</sup></a></p>
				<p class="indent" id="p1_8">This reading explores how large, established companies,
					like IBM, can overcome the rigidities that set in with age and build the
					capabilities, culture, and leadership needed to identify and pursue
					opportunities throughout the innovation life cycle. We will draw most heavily on
					the story of IBM in this reading because its turbulent history illustrates the
					challenges that large enterprises face in maintaining effective innovation.
					IBM&#x2019;s struggles culminated in the company&#x2019;s near bankruptcy in the
					early 1990s, after it had stood as one of the most powerful and successful
					businesses in the world for decades. But IBM&#x2019;s story doesn&#x2019;t stop
					there. Its experience also demonstrates how a new approach to leadership and
					innovation management can help companies tackle these perennial challenges. As a
					result, they can rebuild themselves and thrive, not just survive.</p>
				<p class="indent" id="p1_9">As IBM&#x2019;s experience shows, it&#x2019;s not enough
					to learn how to launch breakthrough innovations. Today&#x2019;s executives must
					also know how to transition them to high growth while continuing to lead the
					incremental innovations that drive profitability in their mature businesses.
					With this in mind, we also outline ways that established companies can
					collaborate with external partners to accelerate transformative innovation. And
					given experimentation&#x2019;s rising importance, we present a supplemental
					reading focused on how large organizations can manage this process.</p>

			</div>
			<input type="button" name="try" onclick="check()"/>
		</section>
		<script type="text/javascript">

			function check(){
				document.getElementById('p1_9').innerHTML = "hello"
				parent.a = "hello";
				console.log(parent.a);
				alert(parent.a);
			}
		</script>
	</body>
</html>
